***PROFILE***

A motivated and enthusiastic Computer and Informatics Engineer with 7+
years of professional experience in cutting-edge technologies. Recently
occupied professionally and personally in Golang. Currently seeking for
a chance for professional and personal growth.

Strong understanding of design methodologies and design issues, having
worked in software

development and engineering in various products and areas.

***Employment history***

**May 2022 - October 2022 Golang Software Engineer**

**Delivery Hero (**<https://www.deliveryhero.com/>) at E-food
([https://e-food.gr](https://e-food.gr/))

Non-Margin Revenue From scratch creation of a tool for managing
campaigns. Languages/technologies used are Go (unit testing, integration
testing), MongoDB, React, javascript, Material UI, docker, Postman.

**October 2018 - October 2021 Senior Software Engineer**

**Citrix Systems (**[https://www.citrix.com](https://www.citrix.com/))

\- Software Defined Wide Area Network (SDWAN).

Working on Advance Edition that provide Integrated edge security at a
branch of a corporate network.

Contributed on three projects in Golang
statistics collection, REST API consumer plus unit testing, Implementation of Pub/Sub for logging

The rest part of the job was engineering, CICD related, Quality
Assurance in Python and minor features in C.

-   Application Delivery Controller (Netscaler)

Urlfiltering feature that is for policy based control that helps network
administrators monitor and control user access to malicious websites.

URLSet feature that is used by the appliance in advanced policies to
determine whether an incoming URL must be blocked, allowed, or
redirected.

Codebase in C, end to end testing in Python. Troubleshooting, solutions,
improvements to customer issues.

**September 2014 -- September 2018 Software Engineer**

**Nokia Greece S.A. (**<https://www.nokia.com/>)

\- Mobile Networks

Licensing of the nTAS product in C++ by using docker with a Kubernetes
environment, CI, DevOps (AWS EC2) , and Openstack Labs

**-** IP/Optical Networks (OAM, In Service Upgrade in S/P Gateways)

Turning exchanged messages in TLV format in order to be forward/backword
compatible in C (with unittests, processtests). In service upgrade of
the SP-GW of EPC in Python language, troubleshooting and
solutions/workarounds to rising issues.

**01/12-03/12 Internship**

**Knowledge Broadband Services S.A.
(**[http://www.knowledge.gr](http://www.knowledge.gr/))

Assistance in improving a website using JBOSS, contact costumers, and
gather documents to promote digi-mobile product.

**Teaching assistant as a postgraduate student**

Computer Engineering & Informatics Department, University of Patras

In charge for three University laboratories during a Semester (Computer
Architecture Lab, Logic Design Lab, Microelectronics Lab)

**General Skills**

**•** Tools: Git, svn, perforce, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, Postman,
Wireshark.

-   Programming languages: Python, C/C++, Go, Java, VHDL.

    Familiar with C#, php, Javascript, prolog, lisp/clips, Matlab,
    Verilog.

**•** Operating systems: Unix/Linux, MacOS, Windows

**EDUCATION**

2018 Master of Science in Integrated Hardware and Software Systems
University of Patras. Courses included Software Programming, Analogue IC
design, VLSI design, Digital Signal Processing, Networks, Architecture
of network devices.

Thesis Title: "Fully Parallel stochastic decoders with Low Density
Parity Check" with implementation in VHDL and Python. Supervisor:
[Paliouras
Vasileios](http://www.ece.upatras.gr/index.php/en/ece-faculty/paliouras-vassilis.html)

2005 -- 2012 Diploma in Computer Engineering and Informatics University
of Patras

Diploma Dissertation Title: "Optimisation of the Radial Basis Function
Neural Networks, using the algorithm of the Differential Evolution and
Particle Swarm Optimisation, and application to

problems of the real word.". Supervisor: [Likothanassis
Spiridon](https://www.ceid.upatras.gr/en/staff/faculty/likothanassis-spiridon)

**COURSES ATTENDED**

Design and Develop REST microservices in Golang (udemy) - Concurrency in
Go (udemy) - Go: The complete developers guide (udemy) - Javascript
Essentials (udemy)  Computer Networks, University of Washington -
Machine Learning, Stanford University (Coursera)
